14/03/2019    S52    - - Services - Prior information notice without
call for competition - Not applicable 

  * I.
  * II.
  * IV.
  * WE.

United Kingdom-Pirbright: Construction consultancy services

2019/S 052-119516

Prior information notice

This notice is for prior information only

Services

Legal Basis:
Directive 2014/24 / EU

Section I: Contracting authority

I.1)Name and addressesThe Pirbright Institute
Ash
Pirbright
GU24 0NF
United Kingdom
Contact person: Karen Thody
E-mail: tenders@camerons.uk.com <mailto:tenders@camerons.uk.com?subject=TED>
NUTS code: UKJ2

Internet address(es):

Main address: www.pirbright.ac.uk

Address of the buyer profile: www.pirbright.ac.uk
<http://www.pirbright.ac.uk/>

I.2)Information about joint procurement I.3)CommunicationAdditional
information can be obtained from the abovementioned address I.4)Type of
the contracting authorityMinistry or any other national or federal
authority, including their regional or local subdivisions I.5)Main
activityEconomic and financial affairs

Section II: Object

II.1)Scope of the procurement II.1.1)Title:

Brooksby and Biggs Buildings Commissioning Consultant

II.1.2)Main CPV code 71530000 - LA21 - IA38 - FG04 - GC22 - CB16
II.1.3)Type of contractServices II.1.4)Short description:

The Pirbright Institute (PIR) intend to appoint a Commissioning,
Verification and Validation Consultant (CVV Consultant) to support
commissioning of 2 sites on the Pirbright Estate.

II.1.5)Estimated total value II.1.6)Information about lotsThis contract
is divided into lots: no II.2)Description II.2.1)Title:
II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)71000000 71310000 71318000 71333000
71600000 71630000 71632000 II.2.3)Place of performanceNUTS code: UKJ2
Main site or place of performance:

Surrey, East and West Sussex.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

This is not a call for competition. In order to participate in this
procurement activity, you will be required to have signed a
confidentiality agreement. The signed confidentiality agreement needs to
have been received before any procurement documentation can be issued to
interested parties. In order to receive the confidentiality agreement,
please email tenders@camerons.uk.com
<mailto:tenders@camerons.uk.com?subject=TED> providing details of: 2 No.
approved signatories and their email addresses.

II.2.14)Additional information

On receipt of the 2 email addresses, an electronic version of the
confidentiality agreement will be issued to the 2 named signatories.
Please note, no changes to the confidentiality agreement are permitted.
In the event that a signed confidentiality agreement is not returned,
access will not be provided to the procurement documentation on release.

II.3)Estimated date of publication of contract notice:15/03/2019

Section IV: Procedure

IV.1)Description IV.1.8)Information about the Government Procurement
Agreement (GPA)The procurement is covered by the Government Procurement
Agreement: no

Section VI: Complementary information

VI.3) Additional information:

To view this notice, please click here:

https://www.delta-esourcing.com/delta/viewNotice.html?noticeId=380881537

GO Reference: GO-2019310-PRO-14311777

VI.5)Date of dispatch of this notice:10/03/2019