19/03/2019    S55    - - Services - Prior information notice without
call for competition - Not applicable 

  * I.
  * II. 
  * IV. 
  * WE.

United Kingdom-Paisley: Architectural, construction, engineering and
inspection services

2019/S 055-126943

Prior information notice

This notice is for prior information only

Services

Legal Basis:
Directive 2014/24 / EU

Section I: Contracting authority

I.1)Name and addressesScotland Excel
Renfrewshire House, Cotton Street
Paisley
PA1 1AR
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 3003001200
E-mail: construction@scotland-excel.org.uk
Fax: +44 1416187423
NUTS code: UKM

Internet address(es):

Main address: http://www.scotland-excel.org.uk

Address of the buyer profile:
http://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/search/Search_AuthProfile.aspx?ID=AA10383


I.2)Information about joint procurementThe contract is awarded by a
central purchasing body I.3)CommunicationAdditional information can be
obtained from the abovementioned address I.4)Type of the contracting
authorityRegional or local authority I.5)Main activityGeneral public
services

Section II: Object

II.1)Scope of the procurement II.1.1)Title:

Buildings Related Professional Services

II.1.2)Main CPV code71000000 II.1.3)Type of contractServices
II.1.4)Short description:

Scotland Excel is exploring options for delivering a buildings related
professional services framework. The scope may include but not be
limited to services of the following discipline areas:

— architectural design for new build housing and other residential
properties,

— civil and structural engineering,

— mechanical and electrical engineering,

— quantity surveying,

— construction management including CDM support and clerk of works,

— project management,

— building asset management,

— condition surveying,

— multidiscipline development and design team.

Please note that at this stage the scope of the framework and its lots
have yet to be determined and therefore may change from those stated in
this notice.

II.1.5)Estimated total valueValue excluding VAT: 40 000 000.00 GBP
II.1.6)Information about lotsThis contract is divided into lots: yes
II.2)Description II.2.1)Title:

Buildings Related Professional Services

Lot No: 1 II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)71311000 71312000 71324000
71315200 71317210 71530000 72224000 79417000 71220000 II.2.3)Place of
performanceNUTS code: UKM Main site or place of performance:

Various locations throughout the geographical boundaries of the
participating Councils and associate members within SCOTLAND.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

Scotland Excel is exploring options for delivering a buildings related
professional services framework. The scope may include but not be
limited to services for the following discipline areas:

— architectural design for new build social housing,

— civil and structural engineering,

— mechanical and electrical engineering,

— quantity surveying,

— construction management,

— project management,

— building asset management,

— condition surveying.

Please note that at this stage the scope of the framework and its lots
have yet to be determined and therefore may change from those stated in
this notice.

II.2.14)Additional information II.2)Description II.2.1)Title:

Other lots

Lot No: 2 II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)71000000 II.2.3)Place of
performanceNUTS code: UKM Main site or place of performance:

Various locations throughout the geographical boundaries of the
participating councils and associate members within SCOTLAND.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

Scotland Excel is exploring options for delivering a buildings related
professional services framework. The scope may include but not be
limited to:

— architectural design for new build social housing,

— civil and structural engineering,

— mechanical and electrical engineering,

— quantity surveying,

— construction management,

— project management,

— building asset management,

— condition surveying.

Please note that at this stage the scope of the framework and its lots
have yet to be determined and therefore may change from those stated in
this notice.

II.2.14)Additional information II.3)Estimated date of publication of
contract notice:01/06/2019

Section IV: Procedure

IV.1)Description IV.1.8)Information about the Government Procurement
Agreement (GPA)The procurement is covered by the Government Procurement
Agreement: yes

Section VI: Complementary information

VI.3) Additional information:

At this stage, there is an opportunity for interested parties to consult
with Scotland Excel in relation to the potential framework. Scotland
Excel endeavours to implement the most effective framework for both
Scotland Excel members, associate members and consultancies and
therefore invites consultancies to provide input in relation to the
potential scope and structure of the framework.

Interested parties are asked to contact Scotland Excel by emailing
construction@scotland-excel.org.uk
<mailto:construction@scotland-excel.org.uk?subject=TED> by 28.3.2019.
Scotland Excel may invite a representative group from those interested
parties to conduct telephone or face to face meetings in April 2019.

Scotland Excel envisages publishing a future tender opportunity on
behalf of all local authorities and housing associations associate
members in Scotland, together with any Integration Authority, or other
body, established pursuant to the Public Bodies (Joint Working)
(Scotland) Act 2014.

For more information about Scotland Excel and its members, please see
http://www.scotland-excel.org.uk <http://www.scotland-excel.org.uk/>

Note: to register your interest in this notice and obtain any additional
information please visit the Public Contracts Scotland Web Site at
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/Search/Search_Switch.aspx?ID=577382.


(SC Ref:577382)

VI.5)Date of dispatch of this notice:15/03/2019