19/03/2019    S55    - - Services - Contract notice - Restricted procedure 

  * I.
  * II.
  * III.
  * IV.
  * WE.

United Kingdom-Lerwick: Building consultancy services

2019/S 055-127312

Contract notice

Services

Legal Basis:
Directive 2014/24 / EU

Section I: Contracting authority

I.1)Name and addressesHjaltland Housing Association Ltd
2 Harbour Street
Lerwick
ZE1 0LR
United Kingdom
Contact person: Paul Leask
Telephone: +44 1595694986
E-mail: Paul@hjaltland.org
Fax: +44 1595692229
NUTS code: UKM66

Internet address(es):

Main address: www.hjaltland.org 

Address of the buyer profile:
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/search/Search_AuthProfile.aspx?ID=AA24543


I.2)Information about joint procurement I.3)CommunicationThe procurement
documents are available for unrestricted and full direct access, free of
charge, at: http://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk
 Additional information can
be obtained from the abovementioned address Tenders or requests to
participate must be submitted electronically via:
http://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk
Electronic communication
requires the use of tools and devices that are not generally available.
Unrestricted and full direct access to these tools and devices is
possible, free of charge, at: http://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk
I.4)Type of the contracting
authorityBody governed by public law I.5)Main activityHousing and
community amenities

Section II: Object

II.1)Scope of the procurement II.1.1)Title:

Construction Consultancy Services for the New Build Project Staneyhill,
Lerwick, Shetland

II.1.2)Main CPV code71315200 II.1.3)Type of contractServices
II.1.4)Short description:

Below listed consultancy services for the Staneyhill New Build project:

Lot 1: Civil and Structural Engineer — Lead Consultant/Principal Designer;

Lot 2: Architect — Lead Consultant/Principal Designer (to include Energy
Design Consultant and Landscape Architect);

Lot 3: Quantity Surveyor.

II.1.5)Estimated total value II.1.6)Information about lotsThis contract
is divided into lots: yes Tenders may be submitted for one lot only
Maximum number of lots that may be awarded to one tenderer: 1
II.2)Description II.2.1)Title:

Civil and Structural Engineer — Lead Consultant/Principal Designer

Lot No: 1 II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)71311000 II.2.3)Place of
performanceNUTS code: UKM66 Main site or place of performance:

Shetland Islands.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

Provision of civil and structural engineer — lead consultant/principal
designer as per the attached supporting documents with this notice

II.2.5)Award criteriaCriteria below Quality criterion - Name: Quality /
Weighting: 70 % Cost criterion - Name: Cost of service / Weighting: 30 %
II.2.6)Estimated value II.2.7)Duration of the contract, framework
agreement or dynamic purchasing systemDuration in months: 36 This
contract is subject to renewal: yes Description of renewals:

The MTCA for construction consultancy services will be for a 3 year
period with the option to extend for 2 x single 1 year periods solely at
Hjaltland’s discretion.

II.2.9)Information about the limits on the number of candidates to be
invitedEnvisaged number of candidates: 5 Objective criteria for choosing
the limited number of candidates:

Staneyhill Consultants — Project Particulars and ESPD Guidance

II.2.10)Information about variantsVariants will be accepted: no
II.2.11)Information about optionsOptions: no II.2.12)Information about
electronic catalogues II.2.13)Information about European Union fundsThe
procurement is related to a project and/or programme financed by
European Union funds: no II.2.14)Additional information II.2)Description
II.2.1)Title:

Architect — Lead Consultant/Principal Designer (to include Energy Design
Consultant and Landscape Architect)

Lot No: 2 II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)71200000 II.2.3)Place of
performanceNUTS code: UKM66 Main site or place of performance:

Shetland Islands.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

Provision of Architect — Lead consultant/principal designer (to include
Energy Design Consultant and Landscape Architect) as per the attached
supporting documents with this notice.

II.2.5)Award criteriaCriteria below Quality criterion - Name: Quality /
Weighting: 70 % Cost criterion - Name: Cost of service / Weighting: 30 %
II.2.6)Estimated value II.2.7)Duration of the contract, framework
agreement or dynamic purchasing systemDuration in months: 36 This
contract is subject to renewal: yes Description of renewals:

The MTCA for construction consultancy services will be for a 3 year
period with the option to extend for 2 x single 1 year periods solely at
Hjaltland’s discretion.

II.2.9)Information about the limits on the number of candidates to be
invitedEnvisaged number of candidates: 5 II.2.10)Information about
variantsVariants will be accepted: no II.2.11)Information about
optionsOptions: no II.2.12)Information about electronic catalogues
II.2.13)Information about European Union fundsThe procurement is related
to a project and/or programme financed by European Union funds: no
II.2.14)Additional information II.2)Description II.2.1)Title:

Quantity Surveyor

Lot No: 3 II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)71530000 II.2.3)Place of
performanceNUTS code: UKM66 Main site or place of performance:

Shetland Islands.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

Provision of Quantity Surveyor services as per the attached supporting
documents with this notice.

II.2.5)Award criteriaCriteria below Quality criterion - Name: Quality /
Weighting: 70 % Cost criterion - Name: Cost of service / Weighting: 30 %
II.2.6)Estimated value II.2.7)Duration of the contract, framework
agreement or dynamic purchasing systemDuration in months: 36 This
contract is subject to renewal: yes Description of renewals:

The MTCA for construction consultancy services will be for a 3 year
period with the option to extend for 2 x single 1 year periods solely at
Hjaltland’s discretion.

II.2.9)Information about the limits on the number of candidates to be
invitedEnvisaged number of candidates: 5 II.2.10)Information about
variantsVariants will be accepted: no II.2.11)Information about
optionsOptions: no II.2.12)Information about electronic catalogues
II.2.13)Information about European Union fundsThe procurement is related
to a project and/or programme financed by European Union funds: no
II.2.14)Additional information

Section III: Legal, economic, financial and technical information

III.1)Conditions for participation III.1.1)Suitability to pursue the
professional activity, including requirements relating to enrolment on
professional or trade registersList and brief description of conditions:

All as stated in the attached “Staneyhill Consultants — Project
Particulars and ESPD Guidance”.

III.1.2)Economic and financial standingList and brief description of
selection criteria:

All as stated in the attached “Staneyhill Consultants — Project
Particulars and ESPD Guidance”.

III.1.3)Technical and professional abilityList and brief description of
selection criteria:

All as stated in the attached “Staneyhill Consultants — Project
Particulars and ESPD Guidance”.

III.1.5)Information about reserved contracts III.2)Conditions related to
the contract III.2.1)Information about a particular professionExecution
of the service is reserved to a particular profession Reference to the
relevant law, regulation or administrative provision:

Consultants must have the appropriate qualifications and certification
for each lot they are applying for.

III.2.2)Contract performance conditions:

KPI's will be provided with the 2nd stage documents.

III.2.3)Information about staff responsible for the performance of the
contractObligation to indicate the names and professional qualifications
of the staff assigned to performing the contract

Section IV: Procedure

IV.1)Description IV.1.1)Type of procedureRestricted procedure
IV.1.3)Information about a framework agreement or a dynamic purchasing
system IV.1.4)Information about reduction of the number of solutions or
tenders during negotiation or dialogue IV.1.6)Information about
electronic auction IV.1.8)Information about the Government Procurement
Agreement (GPA)The procurement is covered by the Government Procurement
Agreement: yes IV.2)Administrative information IV.2.1)Previous
publication concerning this procedure IV.2.2)Time limit for receipt of
tenders or requests to participateDate: 15/04/2019 Local time: 12:00
IV.2.3)Estimated date of dispatch of invitations to tender or to
participate to selected candidatesDate: 29/04/2019 IV.2.4)Languages in
which tenders or requests to participate may be submitted:English
IV.2.6)Minimum time frame during which the tenderer must maintain the
tenderDuration in months: 3 (from the date stated for receipt of tender)
IV.2.7)Conditions for opening of tenders

Section VI: Complementary information

VI.1)Information about recurrenceThis is a recurrent procurement: no
VI.2)Information about electronic workflowsElectronic ordering will be
used Electronic invoicing will be accepted Electronic payment will be
used VI.3)Additional information:

Please ensure that you read carefully and comprehensively all the
attached supporting documentation:

1) Staneyhill Consultants — Project Particulars and ESPD Guidance_Final
Version;

2) Contract Structures and Timescales_Final Version.

Note: To register your interest in this notice and obtain any additional
information please visit the Public Contracts Scotland website at
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/Search/Search_Switch.aspx?ID=566585


The buyer has indicated that it will accept electronic responses to this
notice via the postbox facility. A user guide is available at
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/sitehelp/help_guides.aspx

Suppliers are advised to allow adequate time for uploading documents and
to dispatch the electronic response well in advance of the closing time
to avoid any last minute problems.

Community benefits are included in this requirement. For more
information see:
http://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/info/InfoCentre.aspx?ID=2361

A summary of the expected community benefits has been provided as follows:

Details will be provided at the 2nd stage of the process.

(SC Ref:566585)

VI.4)Procedures for review VI.4.1)Review bodyHjaltland Housing
Association Ltd
2 Harbour Street
Lerwick
ZE1 0LR
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 1595694986
Fax: +44 1595692229

Internet address: www.hjaltland.org

VI.4.2)Body responsible for mediation procedures VI.4.3)Review procedure
VI.4.4)Service from which information about the review procedure may be
obtained VI.5)Date of dispatch of this notice:15/03/2019