19/03/2019    S55    - - Services - Contract notice - Open procedure 

  * I.
  * II. 
  * III.
  * IV.
  * VI.

United Kingdom-Glasgow: Landscaping work

2019/S 055-127324

Contract notice

Services

Legal Basis:
Directive 2014/24/EU

Section I: Contracting authority

I.1)Name and addressesCraigdale Housing Association
83-85 Dougrie Road
Glasgow
G45 9NS
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 1416346473
E-mail: info@craigdaleha.co.uk
NUTS code: UKM82

Internet address(es):

Main address: www.craigdaleha.co.uk

Address of the buyer profile:
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/search/Search_AuthProfile.aspx?ID=AA15182


I.2)Information about joint procurementThe contract is awarded by a
central purchasing body I.3)CommunicationThe procurement documents are
available for unrestricted and full direct access, free of charge, at:
www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk
Additional information can
be obtained from the abovementioned address Tenders or requests to
participate must be submitted electronically via:
www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk
I.4)Type of the contracting
authorityBody governed by public law I.5)Main activityHousing and
community amenities

Section II: Object

II.1)Scope of the procurement II.1.1)Title:

Craigdale HA Landscaping Maintenance 2019

Reference number: 6237 II.1.2)Main CPV code45112700 II.1.3)Type of
contractServices II.1.4)Short description:

The successful candidate will be responsible for:

Shrub, hedge and tree management; grass cutting; weed control;
de-littering; and uplifting domestic refuse, debris, litter and sharps
(remove/dispose of same day) in communal areas, front and rear gardens,
backcourts, access lanes and all external common areas within the red
boundaries generally on Schedule 1.

Duties include: reporting in/out at the employer’s offices at the start
and end of each working day; initial clean up and maintenance plan;
regular weekly inspection throughout year: report on condition of
shrubs, trees, play areas, etc, recommendations for maintenance and
improvement; quarterly review of contractor performance. Refer Schedule
3 for a more detailed description of the contract requirements and for
addresses and location(s), refer Schedule 1 defining the Contract Area.

II.1.5)Estimated total value II.1.6)Information about lotsThis contract
is divided into lots: no II.2)Description II.2.1)Title:
II.2.2)Additional CPV code(s)77314000 II.2.3)Place of performanceNUTS
code: UKM82 Main site or place of performance:

Castlemilk G45.

II.2.4)Description of the procurement:

The tender documents comprise the ESPD document [minimum selection
standards]; the specification of works [contract and tender pricing
document]; and the Tender Quality Questionnaire [TQQ].

The tender evaluation will comprise the ESPD, your quality score for the
TQQ; and the contract sum stated on the form of tender.

The submitted ESPD will assess the selection criteria as a pass or fail
to identify contractors who pass by meeting the criteria. Only those
contractors who achieve an ESPD pass will have their tender quality and
cost considered/ evaluated.

The criteria for scoring will be to reach a total percentage score as
follows:

— price (tender): deducting 1 % from 100 for every percentage point each
tender is in excess of the lowest tender, prior to weighting,

— quality: out of 100 for your TQQ submission, ranked in relation to the
other candidates.

The candidates will be scored relative to each other (best answer
scoring highest), based on the employer’s individual
aspirations/requirements and the information provided by the candidate(s).

II.2.5)Award criteriaCriteria below Quality criterion - Name: TQQ
Quality / Weighting: 70 Price - Weighting: 30 II.2.6)Estimated value
II.2.7)Duration of the contract, framework agreement or dynamic
purchasing systemStart: 01/05/2019 End: 31/03/2020 This contract is
subject to renewal: yes Description of renewals:

The initial contract period will be to 31.3.2020, with options to extend
the contract solely at the employer’s discretion on an annual basis
thereafter to 31.3.2024.

II.2.10)Information about variantsVariants will be accepted: no
II.2.11)Information about optionsOptions: no II.2.12)Information about
electronic catalogues II.2.13)Information about European Union fundsThe
procurement is related to a project and/or programme financed by
European Union funds: no II.2.14)Additional information

Refer instructions to contractors and project criteria in the
specification of works.

Section III: Legal, economic, financial and technical information

III.1)Conditions for participation III.1.1)Suitability to pursue the
professional activity, including requirements relating to enrolment on
professional or trade registersList and brief description of conditions:

The following selection criteria must be confirmed in the ESPD to
achieve a pass.

You must be, or agree to do so prior to commencement:

— construction line registered or hold membership of a recognised EFQM
scheme or be UKAS accredited for compliance in accordance with BS OHSAS
18001 (or equivalent) or if you have successfully met the assessment
requirements of a construction-related scheme with registered membership
of Safety Schemes in Procurement (SSIP),

— agreement to additional financial credit checks including an
assessment of your annual turnover and profit over the last 3 financial
years, supplemented by enquiries through credit reference agencies [Dunn
and Bradstreet],

— an annual turnover more than 50 000,00 GBP, and annual profit greater
than 0 in each of the past 3 years,

— the minimum Insurance requirements, relevant to this contract, which
the candidate holds [and/or confirms will be placed prior to date of
contract where applicable] are 5 000 000 GBP cover for Public liability;
and 10 000 000 GBP cover for employer’s liability,

— landscaping works must not be subcontracted,

— contractors must include evidence of experience, directly or by
in-house team(s), of completion of as many similar landscaping contracts
as practicable in the past 5 years. The threshold for experience is
similar scope, quantity and value of works for a minimum of two
completed term contracts,

— the employer must be permitted to obtain references from any of the
candidate’s clients, whether listed under experience or not, to evidence
the quality of service the candidate states has been previously provided
to the Employer and/ or others,

— operation of a management database system which includes: electronic
communication; electronic documentation and certification issue;
financial/payment applications in an agreed format to facilitate
component accounting; record photographs; reports on no-access,
progress/completion; measurement/reporting of KPIs; and providing
bespoke reports in .csv format as agreed with the employer.

Operation of a quality management system to ensure there is a single,
clearly identified local point of contact/quality controller and that
quality is managed effectively.

III.1.2)Economic and financial standingSelection criteria as stated in
the procurement documents III.1.3)Technical and professional
abilitySelection criteria as stated in the procurement documents
III.1.5)Information about reserved contracts III.2)Conditions related to
the contract III.2.1)Information about a particular profession
III.2.2)Contract performance conditions:

Refer instructions to contractors and project criteria and contract
conditions in the specification of works.

III.2.3)Information about staff responsible for the performance of the
contract

Section IV: Procedure

IV.1)Description IV.1.1)Type of procedureOpen procedure
IV.1.3)Information about a framework agreement or a dynamic purchasing
system IV.1.4)Information about reduction of the number of solutions or
tenders during negotiation or dialogue IV.1.6)Information about
electronic auction IV.1.8)Information about the Government Procurement
Agreement (GPA)The procurement is covered by the Government Procurement
Agreement: yes IV.2)Administrative information IV.2.1)Previous
publication concerning this procedure IV.2.2)Time limit for receipt of
tenders or requests to participateDate: 15/04/2019 Local time: 12:00
IV.2.3)Estimated date of dispatch of invitations to tender or to
participate to selected candidates IV.2.4)Languages in which tenders or
requests to participate may be submitted:English IV.2.6)Minimum time
frame during which the tenderer must maintain the tenderDuration in
months: 3 (from the date stated for receipt of tender) IV.2.7)Conditions
for opening of tendersDate: 15/04/2019 Local time: 16:30 Place:

Craigdale Housing Association Ltd, 83/85 Dougrie Road, Castlemilk,
Glasgow G45 9NS.

Information about authorised persons and opening procedure:

By employer board and staff members in accordance with HA procedures

Section VI: Complementary information

VI.1)Information about recurrenceThis is a recurrent procurement: no
VI.2)Information about electronic workflowsElectronic ordering will be
used Electronic invoicing will be accepted Electronic payment will be
used VI.3)Additional information:

Refer instructions to contractors and project criteria in the
specification of works.

Note: To register your interest in this notice and obtain any additional
information please visit the Public Contracts Scotland website at
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/Search/Search_Switch.aspx?ID=577533


The buyer has indicated that it will accept electronic responses to this
notice via the postbox facility. A user guide is available at
https://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/sitehelp/help_guides.aspx

Suppliers are advised to allow adequate time for uploading documents and
to dispatch the electronic response well in advance of the closing time
to avoid any last minute problems.

Community benefits are included in this requirement. For more
information see:
http://www.publiccontractsscotland.gov.uk/info/InfoCentre.aspx?ID=2361

A summary of the expected community benefits has been provided as follows:

Refer Schedule 7 of the specification of works.

(SC Ref:577533)

VI.4)Procedures for review VI.4.1)Review bodyAtkinson Partnerships
65 Fullarton Drive
Troon
KA10 6LF
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 1413412044 VI.4.2)Body responsible for mediation
procedures VI.4.3)Review procedure VI.4.4)Service from which information
about the review procedure may be obtained VI.5)Date of dispatch of this
notice:15/03/2019